README.md, before:

# CityBuild
## Made by: Ciavatti Michele, Dagos Jhon Anthony, Flamigni Mattia
### Instructions
In the main menu', pressing "ESC" terminates the app.
In the game view, follow these commands:
- Select a building by scrolling the icon menù with mouse scrolls or UP and DOWN arrows
- A label to the right of icon displays the name of the building highlighted and the cost for its construction
- Press Q to select the building highlighted 
- Place the building selected with a click of the mouse
- You can destroy a placed building by holding LEFT_SHIFT and clicking on it
- You can upgrade a placed building by holding LEFT_CTRL and clicking on it
- You can see the upgrade cost (and name) of a placed building by hovering over it with the mouse while pressing LEFT_CTRL
- press S to open shop
- purchase proposal will be generated
- if you want buy, press ok button. otherwise press C to close

### Credits
#### Music and sounds
[The Last of Us - Menu' theme](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gcnLYrxLlhU)<br>
[Lakey Inspired - Chill Day](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=23IiqeIw38w)<br>
All the sounds have been taken from [freesound.org](https://freesound.org/)

#### Sprites
Special thanks to [Mariastella di Criscio](https://www.instagram.com/mariastelladicriscio/)<br>

Commit message:

Updated README with the cheat

README.md, after:

# CityBuild
## Made by: Ciavatti Michele, Dagos Jhon Anthony, Flamigni Mattia
### Instructions
In the main menu', pressing "ESC" terminates the app.
In the game view, follow these commands:
- Select a building by scrolling the icon menù with mouse scrolls or UP and DOWN arrows
- A label to the right of icon displays the name of the building highlighted and the cost for its construction
- Press Q to select the building highlighted 
- Place the building selected with a click of the mouse
- You can destroy a placed building by holding LEFT_SHIFT and clicking on it
- You can upgrade a placed building by holding LEFT_CTRL and clicking on it
- You can see the upgrade cost (and name) of a placed building by hovering over it with the mouse while pressing LEFT_CTRL
- Press T to use the cheat, which gives 1000 for each resource to the player (even citizens); the result may not be immediately visible
- press S to open shop
- purchase proposal will be generated
- if you want buy, press ok button. otherwise press C to close

### Credits
#### Music and sounds
[The Last of Us - Menu' theme](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gcnLYrxLlhU)<br>
[Lakey Inspired - Chill Day](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=23IiqeIw38w)<br>
All the sounds have been taken from [freesound.org](https://freesound.org/)

#### Sprites
Special thanks to [Mariastella di Criscio](https://www.instagram.com/mariastelladicriscio/)<br>
